Driven by the Farm-to-Table philosophy of Chef Shannon Madison, our Mission is to serve the Santa Cruz Tannery Arts Center as a family and artist-friendly food and beverage community gathering place. We create local, organic, sustainable menus that are vegan first, using dairy for flavor enhancement, with a reduced emphasis on animal proteins. We offer casual preparations but employ fine-dining attention to detail and quality. Our plates are inspired by the mediterranean climate and produce of California. We strive to provide a welcoming venue with a great tasting food and beverage draw, while catering to popular dietary restrictions with locally and sustainably-sourced, healthy preparations.
Bistro One Twelve supports the Tannery community with product offerings that enhance the lives of both residents and tenants, with nourishing meals, restorative beverages, and retail necessities.

Our morning food and beverage program starts you day with high quality coffee drinks, breakfast foods for dining on premises or to-go, and a comfortable environment with wifi and power for our working/studying patrons.  
    
Mid-day, we offer a variety of grab-and-go sandwiches and salads are available first thing in the morning and during our midday service for patrons on the run. Our lunch menu of soups, salads, and sandwiches is perfect for enjoying with friends while relaxing in the sun on our patio, or for the working crowd looking for a quick alternative to fast food.  Retail items such as toiletries and sundries are available as a convenience to residents and tenants who would otherwise have to travel by car for such purchases.   

Our evening service features a variety of hot food items, activities and amusements for the community, and a mellow beer and wine program.
